VPN-4751 upload Static Linux builds using beetmover-apt (#8593)
mozilla-mobile/mozilla-vpn-client: docs/release_flow/linux.md

> # Install Linux Preview-Releases: 

Reviewer: What is a "Preview-Release"?

Reviewer: Is it kinda like a nightly?

Author: Sorry poor wording. I meant the release candidate :D

Reviewer: Oh OK! Mm, then I think it makes sense to push it to the staging repository. Is this for testing before uploading releases to the product delivery repository?

Author: Aaah yea i just realized that this is not going to do what i expected it to :D I wrote this way later than when I actually wrote the transform. Given this will only publish to the `prod` repo, 
i probably should restrict it to `ship-client`, right?

https://github.com/mozilla-mobile/mozilla-vpn-client/pull/8593/files#diff-6b9dd2081b39f9e6fe18c9578d3cf95b68e9b7ef232312fbcc0e5c24dc412b6eR44-R47

I think it's fine if this one only goes to prod, somehow i wrongly remembered, `promote-client` on the vpn-repo also would push to the stage repo, therefore contain the RC's for QA 😅

On `promote-client` we will upload .deb packages from taskcluster to the [mozilla apt repo](https://blog.nightly.mozilla.org/2023/10/30/introducing-mozillas-firefox-nightly-deb-packages-for-debian-based-linux-distributions/)

## First, import the APT repository signing key:

> wget -q https://repository.stage.productdelivery.nonprod.webservices.mozgcp.net/apt/repo-signing-key.gpg -O- | gpg --dearmor | sudo tee /etc/apt/trusted.gpg.d/repository.stage.productdelivery.nonprod.webservices.mozgcp.net.gpg > /dev/null

Reviewer: This is the dep (staging) repository. When these tasks run on the shipping action they will upload the packages to the production repository. Also, the `trusted.gpg.d` directory is no longer the place to put these third-party repository keys.
```suggestion
sudo install -d -m 0755 /etc/apt/keyrings
wget -q https://packages.mozilla.org/apt/repo-signing-key.gpg -O- | sudo tee /etc/apt/keyrings/packages.mozilla.org.asc > /dev/null
```

> The fingerprint should be 35BA A0B3 3E9E B396 F59C A838 C0BA 5CE6 DC63 15A3

## Next, add the APT repository to your sources list:

> echo "deb [signed-by=/etc/apt/trusted.gpg.d/repository.stage.productdelivery.nonprod.webservices.mozgcp.net.gpg] https://repository.stage.productdelivery.nonprod.webservices.mozgcp.net/apt mozilla main" | sudo tee -a /etc/apt/sources.list.d/mozilla.list > /dev/null

Reviewer: ```suggestion
echo "deb [signed-by=/etc/apt/keyrings/packages.mozilla.org.asc] https://packages.mozilla.org/apt mozilla main" | sudo tee -a /etc/apt/sources.list.d/mozilla.list > /dev/null
```
